fix: use default template if timestamp is empty (undefined) in InfluxDB (#10087)
emqx/emqx: changes/ee/fix-10087.en.md

> Use default template if timestamp is empty (undefined) when inserting data in InfluxDB. Prior to this change InfluxDB bridge was not inserting new data if timestamp field was not set.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use default template `${timestamp}` if the `timestamp` config is empty (undefined) when inserting data in InfluxDB. 
Prior to this change, InfluxDB bridge inserted a wrong timestamp when template is not provided.
```
